docs: add guidance on initialism capitalisation in PascalCase identifiers. (#32720)
bitcoin/bitcoin: doc/developer-notes.md

    naming style](#internal-interface-naming-style) for an exception to this
    convention.

>   - With `PascalCase`, do not use screaming/acronym caps. Legacy identifiers that violate this rule remain for compatibility and will be renamed gradually. Hence:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - With `PascalCase`,  Acronyms must be treated as words. To minimize code churn, legacy identifiers that do not comply with this rule will remain unchanged and will only be renamed when the surrounding code is modified. Hence:
```
NIT: Do not tell what NOT to do but explain what to do. This suggestion explains (imho) what the intention is, treating acronyms as words, and therefor the PascalCase can easily be applied.

>   - With `PascalCase`, do not to use [screaming/acronym caps](https://gist.github.com/adashrod/66564c690906c9b774e77ddacbd06e1b). Legacy identifiers that violate this rule remain for compatibility and will be renamed gradually. Hence:

Author: Well, I will correct both. But I don't see that as a rant if the person is making legitimate points.

>   - With `PascalCase`, do not to use [screaming/acronym caps](https://gist.github.com/adashrod/66564c690906c9b774e77ddacbd06e1b). Legacy identifiers that violate this rule remain for compatibility and will be renamed gradually. Hence:

Author: okay, now I get you. Thanks.
